---
layout:slide
title: "Welcome to our second slide!"
---

I am a fourth year undergraduate mathematics major at the Indian Institute of Science. Recently, I have been trying to learn github for various projects I would be doing over the next few years.I like talking about mathematics at length and wish to travel to every corner of the world. I am into different kinds of food as well, although many would call me a Bengali, seeing my love for sweets and different kinds of fish. Indeed, I am a Bengali and Bangla is my mother-tongue, but I still think that 'Indian' is what suits me better. The way Rakesh Sharma said that day, "Saare jahan se accha, Hindustan hamara!" Yes, India is a nation of a billion people and with million clutures. From both the parental sides my origins lie somewhere in Uttar Pradesh, another state in India. That place is quite far away from the place where I grew up. I never spoke Hindi till I was 18 ( yet I watched CID for those who know what it is) and somwhat magically I could master the language in about a year ( I should tell you that many of my batchmates at IISc were behind this ). I guess this is what India is about. There's always something common between people even if they are from  two opposite corners of the country, maybe having completely different cultures. 
Finally coming back to my life story,  many  things are yet to happen in my life and I hope that I will be able fulfill those (un)known wishes (of mine) in coming years. Btw, I should let you know that I am planning to go to Princeton university for my graduate studies. Princeton and the Institute of Advanced studies is a place that I have never thought (actually haven't heard of) of going during my high school, but by the time I had finished my first year of college at IISc, I was just in love with this place, and a girl. What? Lets leave her for now as she will (not) tresspass in anymore (into my story).

Where I belong?
---

I was born in a place named Purulia in the State of West Bengal, India. As a child, I was fond of playing cricket and wanted to be either a cricketer or an astronaut. It was that story of the death of Kalpana Chawla which inspired me to become an Astronaut. I mean, why not? Isn't space is the only place where every kid wants to visit just like a zoo or a nearby museum! I was no different. For obvious reasons that every Indian of our generation should understand, I was a big fan of 'the Wall' Rahul Dravid and I still remember the day when my father brought me a 'Britania' cricket bat. How can I forget that? Those wickets that we bought together by putting together pieces of our 'tiffinbox'. What? Later in life I somehow lost my love towards Cricket and invested myself into playing cards (not a gambler). Those morning fights for a single card with Riki still take me to that site. It feels like present. I guess I did a lot of mistakes in my life, but I still feel I am one of the happiest person on Earth. 

I think I should leave now. Will update this page later, when I am done watching another episode of mission 2050.

Use the left arrow to go back!
